Registering a SMART Backend Service (#89)
smart-on-fhir/fhir-bulk-data-docs: authorization.md

## Registering a SMART Backend Service (communicating public keys)

Before a SMART backend service can run against an EHR, the service SHALL
obtain a client-to-client digital certificate and SHALL
register with that EHR's authorization service.  SMART does not specify a
standards-based registration process, but we encourage EHR implementers to
consider using the [OAuth 2.0 Dynamic Client Registration
Protocol](https://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-ietf-oauth-dyn-reg).

No matter how a backend service registers with an EHR's authorization service, the 

> backend service SHALL register its **client_id** and the **public key** the

Reviewer: @bakerdb can you update to indicate that the **client_id** is assigned by the server (i.e., a client doesn't specify it)?

```suggestion
backend service SHALL register the **public key** that the
```

protect the associated private key from unauthorized disclosure
and corruption. 

For consistency in implementation, the backend service's JWK SHALL be shared with the
EHR using one of the following techniques:

  1. URL to JWK Set (strongly preferred). This URL communicates the TLS-protected 
  endpoint where the service's public JWK Set can be found. When provided, this URL 
  SHALL match the `jku` header parameter in the service's Authorization JWT. Advantages 
  of this approach are that
  it allows a client to rotate its own keys by updating the hosted content at the 
  JWK Set URL, assures that the public key used by the EHR is current, and avoids the 
  need for the EHR to maintain and protect the JWK Set.
  
  2. JWK Set directly (strongly discouraged). If a backend service cannot host the JWK 
  Set at a TLS-protected URL, it MAY supply the JWK Set directly to the EHR at 
  registration time.  In this case, the EHR SHALL protect the JWK Set from corruption,
  and SHOULD remind the client to send an update whenever the key set changes.  Conveying
  the JWK Set directly carries the limitation that it does not enable the client to 

>   rotate its keys in-band.  Incuding both the current and successo keys within the JWK Set

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  rotate its keys in-band.  Including both the current and successor keys within the JWK Set
```

  helps counter this limitation.  However, this approach places increased responsibility 
  on the EHR for protecting the integrity of the key(s) over time, and denies the EHR the 
  opportunity to validate the currency and integrity of the key at the time it is used.  
  

> The backend service SHALL be capable of generating a JSON Web Signature in accordance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The backend service SHOULD be capable of generating a JSON Web Signature in accordance
```

This a contradiction: "SHALL be capable... using ... RS384 and ES384" _vs_ "does not mandate the use of any specific algorithm." I think we just need to chance "SHALL" to "SHOULD" here, and "and" to "or" below (as proposed).

with [RFC7515](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7515), using JSON Web Algorithm (JWA) 

> header parameter values `RS384` and `ES384` as defined in [RFC7518](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7518).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
header parameter values `RS384` or `ES384` as defined in [RFC7518](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7518).  
```

Changing "and" to "or" for client expectations: the expectation is clients can handle at least one of these two algorithms, and servers should be able to verify both.

> The EHR SHALL be capable of validating such signatures. Over time, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The EHR SHOULD be capable of validating such signatures. Over time, 
```
